- Previously on "Happy!"...
- [screaming]
[explosion]
- You want us to catch
the son of a gun, don't you?
- He said--
- Who said?
- The bunny.
- I'm Scooter frickin'
Sterling.
My safe word is Tallahassee.
[muffled screaming]
[switch clicks]
- Everybody loves revenge,
right? Even you.
- I don't have a vengeful bone
in my body.
- There's something living
in your mind, Blue.
[distant screaming]
- [pounds on glass]
- Orcus, God of Death.
With Isabella dead,
you will have no escape.
[yelling]
You will never be free.
- Dad got me
kicked out of school.
- Maybe this is exactly
what she needs.
You've noticed this place
runs 40,000 a year?
- I'll give you 1,000 bucks
if you find me a girl.
- Aah!
- Is that a liver?
What's something like
that worth?
- Over 100,000.
- Holy giblets,
I'm standing in the middle
of a goddamn gold mine
of blood and guts.
[dramatic music]
♪
[organ thuds]
[snapping]
[grunting]
[buzzer sounds]
- Ouch!
- [echoing] Hailey,
what are you doing here?
- [echoing] That really hurt.
It says, "Take out the kidney
for $100,000."
- I don't even know--
What the f--
[lights clicking]
- Go on, Dad. Do it.
Go on, Dad. Do it.
- Uh..
- Go on, Dad. Do it.
Please don't touch
the sides again.
- Uh...
- And don't touch the sides.
- Okay.
[electricity buzzing]
- I'm scared.
- No need to be scared.
I got this.
- [echoing] You don't
look like you got this.
- Quiet, or I'll--
Be quiet.
[tongs squeal,
electricity buzzing]
- Be careful.
- You got some serious issues,
my man.
[electricity buzzing]
[creaking]
[buzzer sounds]
- [screaming]
- [gasps]
- Professor Wondercakes?
[doorbell buzzes]
- [grumbling]
- Hailey!
- You okay?
- No, I got to pee.
- I was running late.
Didn't have time for breakfast.
- Huh?
[door closes]
- You're taking her today,
remember?
- Like it was yesterday.
- It was yesterday.
- ♪ I'm M.C. Happy,
and I'm here to say ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey,
we got Hailey all day ♪
[imitates record scratching]
- Um...
maybe you should get a sitter.
- Sitters aren't free, Nick.
- I know.
- Besides,
she'd rather be with you.
And I think some quality time
together wouldn't hurt.
- She'd rather be with me?
- You can do this, Nick.
- I can?
- Just feed her...
- Check!
- Keep her out of trouble...
- Abso-tively!
- Help with her essay.
- Posi-lutely!
- Wait, what?
- For St. Melanie--
something to help them
get to know her.
- Nobody knows her
better than me!
- It's due tomorrow.
- Wait a minute.
Hold--hold on a second.
What are we,
Communists all of a sudden?
She's not even in school,
they're giving her
homework assignments?
- Nick, please.
- I know, it's just...
[inhales deeply]
[whispering] We've never
been together for a whole day.
- You're going to do great.
She's crazy about you.
- Aww.
- Just remember the rules.
- Oh, the rules. Yeah.
- Don't sweat it, buddy.
Happy's here--
the bestest bestie
in the whole wide world.
And if anyone knows
what Hailey likes, it's me!
- Yeah.
- Got anything in the fridge?
- Yeah, go ahead.
Knock yourself--
[grunts]
[refrigerator whirring]
Uh...
[bell dings]
[whimsical music]
- Follow me! Follow me!
♪ To a world
of make-believe ♪
♪ Where silly bears
have crazy hair ♪
♪ Wear shorts and dungarees
♪ If the stuffings are frayed
or the bow's too tight ♪
♪ Don't you pout,
we'll make it right ♪
♪ At the huggery-buggery
♪ Hoogery-sugary
♪ World of make-believe
Can you feel the magic?
[children laughing]
Oh, man, look at all
these fun little numbers.
- Oh, what you got there?
A cop bear.
- Where you ever in A.A.?
[upbeat music playing faintly]
♪
- I haven't had
an avocado in years.
[rim shot]
- Seriously, Dad.
♪
- All right, okay, uh...
Let's be real
with each other today.
Um...
I used to enjoy an
adult beverage back in the day,
and now
I never touch the stuff.
♪
Could you fix mine?
It looks like a spree killer.
- Sure.
- [sighs]
[spraying]
[sniffs]
How's the essay coming?
- I don't really know
what to write.
♪
- They just want
to know more about you.
You know, um...
the kind of stuff you like.
♪
- I don't know.
- Ooh, I know!
♪
- What would you write?
- Me? I, uh...
Well, I mean, um...
Um...
♪
Self-reflection was never
really my strong suit.
- Did you like being a cop?
- Aah!
[aggressive music]
♪
- Nick!
- Too much paperwork.
You know this bear situation--
- Sucks.
- Right?
- Pretty much.
- Oh, praise the Lord.
You want to blow
this clambake?
- Really?
- [chuckling] Yeah.
- "Easter Under Siege,"
"Bunny Bombing Causes
Market Surge,"
and my personal favorite,
"Here Comes Evil Cottontail."
Got to love the "Post."
We're a hit, baby!
[laughing]
Oh, people need Sonny Shine's
Easter now more than ever.
The inspiration came to me last
Christmas, did you know what?
- You might've
mentioned it, yes.
- "Sicko Santa Claus
snatches tiny tights
for pervo purposes."
The bleeding headlines.
Now, you think it would be
a big black eye
for the holiday, right?
But you know what happened?
both:
Sales went through the roof.
Holly-jolly bonanza! It was
the biggest Christmas ever.
Why?
Because people are
sick puppies, that's why.
Sex sells,
death sells even better.
I wish I had a witness.
Someone who could
really appreciate me
for the visionary that I am!
Someone who could just see me
eye to eye!
[ominous music]
- Something wrong?
- You know when you try not
to look at something, but...
it just makes
you look at it more?
- No.
[Western music]
- Wyoming.
♪
- I-I don't see you
in the tumbleweeds, my friend,
with the cow pies and such?
- You think this
is a goddamn joke, Geno?
♪
- No, absolutely not.
- Good, because...
Wyoming...
is where I plan to be.
♪
Leave all of this crime
and punishment behind and...
start over.
♪
Regular American life.
Norman Rockwell.
♪
Spring is in the air, Geno.
Even in this hole,
I can smell it,
and I am gonna take a deal
with the Feds.
♪
- Blue...
you cannot do that.
Y-you know how this works.
You got to do your time,
you got to be a stand-up guy.
- Stand-up--
[seethes]
You--
You're my fucking lawyer.
- Yeah, but I'm
your friend first,
and I don't want to see you
finally get out of this place
in a bag.
- Don't you see? That's exactly
why I got to get out of here.
I got to take the deal.
Knowing what I know,
do you really think...
[door closes in the distance]
You-know-who
is gonna let me live?
- Y-you're emotional right now.
- Hmm.
- It's understandable,
but, Blue,
as long as you keep quiet,
you are safer here
than in Wyoming
or Tahiti
or Timbuk-big-titty-tu.
[ominous music]
- [chuckles wryly]
You're not my friend.
You are not my friend.
You are my barrister.
Call the goddamn Feds,
take the goddamn deal,
and, motherfucker...
I had better be wearing
a plaid shirt by Easter.
♪
[solemn music]
[upbeat music playing,
children shouting happily]
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[ominous music]
[whirring]
♪
- Pray tell?
[whirring]
♪
- [groans]
Kill me.
The breath--
[clears throat]
Only a true friend
would tell you. Yeah.
- [gagging]
- Open up. Open.
- There we go.
Now, you listen to me,
I have removed all of the skin
from your body.
It is not
a survivable condition.
Fatal infection is inevitable
if your heart
doesn't shut down first.
So, you see,
I already have killed you.
- Oh.
Well, okay, then,
- The question is,
"How long?"
- Uh-huh.
- The answer is...
precisely as long
as I require.
♪
You see...
I am not some...
grinning idiot clown
who's putting on a show
for the YouTube crowd.
I am a master craftsman.
I will determine
your time of death
down to the hour...
[whispering]
The minute, the second.
So, until then,
and until precisely then...
- [groans, panting]
- Hang in there, baby.
- Stupid, stupid, stupid.
I knew she didn't play
with toys anymore.
How could I be such a dummy?
I got to regroup,
get my head in the game.
God knows
the Harlem Globetrotters
did not become the best
baseball team in the world
by dwelling
on every single loss!
- Why don't you,
um, write about cancer?
You know, everybody loves
a good tearjerker.
- It's supposed to be about me.
- And, you know,
just be yourself.
I mean, you know,
no one likes a phony.
[glass squeaks]
- All right, Salaam.
- Ah...
[sighs]
- Where are we going?
- I haven't a clue,
but, uh, I'm gonna put on
my thinking cap.
♪
I'm gonna put on
my thinking cap.
- Oh, right.
Thinking cap mode activated!
Uh, things Hailey likes.
Tickle fights, patty-cake,
tutus, baby dolls,
ponies, magic tricks--
- Wait a minute,
that's it.
- What's it?
- Kid, how do you feel
about ponies?
[swing music]
- She had to be 15,
maybe 16 lengths back...
- Welcome to OTB.
- Wow.
[bell ringing]
- Off-track betting,
where the ponies run all day.
[men shouting]
Breath like an ashtray,
grip like a python.
- Hey, Saxy.
- Lena! Well, well, well.
This is my kid...
Hailey.
- Oh. Ain't you a sweet dish?
- So you're
my dad's girlfriend?
- For about 32 seconds.
- You promised--
no gambling.
You already broke
one promise, Nick.
Well--well, several,
actually.
Pretty much all of them.
If you do it again,
we're in big trouble.
- We're not gambling.
We're watching people gamble.
Will you relax--
Will you look at her?
It's like Bambi frolicking
in the fresh fallen snow.
I mean, the kid loves it.
I mean,
it's no Club Teddy Bear.
I grant you that.
- That's a low blow.
- Ha!
Like punching blueberries.
Hey, yo, scumbag.
Scram.
[bugle playing]
Oh, you got
a racing form, huh?
- Ponies have weird names.
- Well, they're weird animals.
I, uh, once knew a pony named
Social Disease.
She ran so good,
I got weak in my...
right eye.
Um, all right,
let's do a tutorial here.
Uh, see these numbers here?
Those are the odds.
So you get a horse like, uh,
this glistening specimen,
Tijuana Trots,
who pays 20 to 1.
That's a 20-to-1 dog
in my book.
- She not a dog.
She's a horsey.
- So, anyway, you place
a bet on Tijuana Trots,
she comes in first place,
that pays out--
- $42.
- How'd you know that?
- Math, Dad.
What about this one?
- Uh, okay,
Mom's Molasses,
that's a name that doesn't
inspire confidence.
- She's 9 to 2,
that's 11 bucks on a $2 bet.
both: Not too shabby.
- Says here she placed
in her last two races on--
What's D mean?
- Dirt.
So you want to go
with Mom's Molasses?
Well, we're not gonna bet
any real cash.
- Okay.
But do you know
what I say we do?
How about if we just bet
100-large imaginary?
- Let's do it.
- Now, where on earth might
I find some imaginary cash?
♪
[bell ringing]
- And they're off!
Mom's Molasses falls
way behind.
I've never seen a horse
so slow.
- Mom's Molasses--
you sure are.
Okay, well, that's what you get
for letting big dumb animals
take your money.
I know this is hard
to believe, but...
- Mom's Molasses and Pretender
in Chief are neck in neck!
- I've never been, um, lucky
when it comes to the ponies.
You know,
maybe you're exactly--
- It's Mom's Molasses!
- Yes! Yes!
- Holy cheese nuts!
We would've won, like,
five grand!
- $550.
- All right, smarty pants,
who's up next?
- I want Mr. Plinkett.
Says here she placed
in her last three races.
- Same jockey on her back,
she just went up a class.
- Easy.
She's a 50-to-1 shot.
I mean, that horse
has been ridden harder than--
- Don't you dare!
- 100 imaginary.
Let's do this.
- You heard the lady.
- This don't grow on trees,
you know.
You see what's happening?
You're seducing Hailey into
a dark, depraved world
of cheap laughs
and easy cash!
- [whispering]
Just relax.
Just let her have this
while it lasts, huh?
Do you know what
the Sax family crest is?
Two iguanas
licking the tears of despair
out of each other's eyes
because they lost it all
on a sure thing.
- Mr. Plinkett wins!
- Until today!
My baby is a gold mine!
[both cheering]
You're a natural!
What do you say we do this
with money?
- Really?
- Real money!
[both laugh]
♪
Did you have any?
- Yeah, I have 40 bucks.
- Good, all right.
Get to work.
- Okay.
- I wish I had better news.
He wants to make a deal.
- Like Monty Hall?
- No, like, with the Feds.
I tried to talk him out of it--
[blender whirs]
I-I tried to talk
him out of it--
[blender whirs]
The dumb son of a bitch wants--
Witness protection--
[blender whirs]
Something about--
[blender whirring]
[whirring stops]
Something about Wyoming!
[rattling]
- Didn't he get the bug?
- Between you and me,
Mr. Shine,
the man is a few peas short
of a casserole.
I-I've seen it happen
a thousand times.
Guys can't take the pressure,
they just crack.
- Pressure?
[sighs]
[lid pops]
Pressure.
Three square meals a day.
Ample time for exercise
and hobbies.
A cozy cot in every room.
Plenty of chums...
with a similar backgrounds
and interests.
Pressure is what I do.
Pressure is remaking
the world's oldest holiday
from the ground up.
And I do it alone.
[sighs] Let's go ahead
and kill the idiot.
[slurping]
[indistinct chatter]
- I mean, Jesus.
I can't believe your mom
gave you 40 bills.
- Mom thinks you're broke.
- Wonder where she got
that idea.
- Well, not for long!
You know what I'm feeling?
The early-bird special
at Red Lobster.
How about you?
- Hell, yeah.
- Language!
- Ah, you got to watch
your language.
- Can't let her do this, Nick.
- And, you know,
this little bet
that we're gonna do,
um, it's a one-time thing,
all right?
- It's Mom.
- Don't answer that.
- Hi, Mom!
- Finally.
You're in for it now, Nick.
If I can't knock any sense
into you,
maybe Amanda can.
- What happened to fun?
[tapping]
"Are you ready?
Here comes the fun."
Remember that?
- Ah, you--Nick, you can't let
her do this! Aah!
- Pull it out
your puckered blue--
- Hey.
- What's the damage?
- I told her we were
at Coney Island.
You tried to win me
a stuffed animal,
but it turns out you suck
at ring toss.
- Wha--you lied for me?
- Is that bad?
- Well, not in this case,
but if you wanted to go
to Coney Island,
all you had to do was--
- I don't.
[melancholy music]
- What pony did you pick?
- This one.
- You sure?
- Positive.
Happy Hour to win.
- Happy Hour?
- Ooh, that kind
of lunch, huh?
- Mm.
She'll have one.
They have red and white.
- Only white before noon.
If I knew we were
diningdining,
I would've worn my good suit.
- What would you call
that color? Is that coral?
- Paprika, maybe.
I don't know
- Well, here's to paprika.
- Ah, paprika.
[glasses clink]
So to what do I owe
the mid-morning buzz?
- It's been a while.
Wanted to check in.
- And everyone else you know
would judge.
- Mental-health days
are a real thing.
- Oh, mm-hmm.
And the kid?
- Thank you.
I will have another.
Mmm.
New private school--
8,000 per quarter.
- Holy shit.
- Believe it or not,
I'm counting on Nick.
[both laughing]
I know.
But he wants to step up.
- Father of the year.
- So I have to let him.
Besides,
I could use the me time.
Pick up a hobby,
dust off the old dating apps.
- You didn't call me to talk
about boys, did you?
Amanda, what's the matter?
[ominous music]
- Well...
this has turned
into a hot little mess.
That's the past,
I'm the future.
[slaps hands]
Bam!
♪
- [groaning goofily,
chuckling]
Red wine before noon,
you warned me.
[chuckling]
How about you?
Are you seeing anybody?
- Fuck that.
Amanda...
what happened up there
that night?
What happened in Shine Tower?
♪
- What if I told you
I can't remember?
- I'd say
you've been though a lot.
I'd say...
you're in denial.
- Wow.
Cop, fucker of husbands
not your own,
real-estate agent,
and now psychotherapist?
Is there anything you can't do?
- Yeah.
Let go of this,
and neither can you.
- Watch me.
[glasses clink]
[glass clinks, reverberates]
- Happy Hour and
The Land of Piss and Fire
are out of the gate fast,
but Happy Hour takes
a commanding lead.
[all shouting]
- Come on, baby!
- Happy Hour has opened up
the lead by three lengths.
Happy Hour
has the race sewn up.
Oh, no! Happy Hour down!
- Get back on the horse!
- Happy Hour has broken
his leg!
- Get back on the horse!
- Send him to
the glue factory, folks!
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You had a good run, kid.
You can't win 'em all.
- Nah, nah, nah!
Yes, she can.
No, no. Sit--sit down.
Sit down.
Let's just pick another horse.
Pick another horse.
- I'm out of money.
- Well, I got to--
I'll find the fucking money!
- Sax, ease up.
- Back off!
- [voice breaking] It's not fun
anymore. I don't want to.
- What are you talking about
it's not fun?
This is fun!
Just--just pick another horse.
- I don't want to!
- Just pick a stupid horse.
Oh, sure. Like you guys
are all great parents.
- [crying]
- Oh, slow down,
little one!
- Thank goodness,
a cowboy!
- You should be more careful.
- Hailey, you can't just run
off like that.
I mean, what if your mom
had found out.
- You know,
your father is right.
It's important to keep
your family close.
- I don't remember anyone
asking your advice, pal.
- Shalom...Sax.
[ominous music]
Oh, please, just a...word.
♪
My name is David.
Those were my men
that you, uh,
mingled with at the party
last night.
- Yeah? Well, your men
mingled with one of my friends,
and they got me instead.
- And that's why
I bear no ill will,
yeah, but my father is
still gravely, gravely ill,
and time is so precious.
- Your dad's sick?
- He is, dear little one.
At death's door with just
your heroic father here
as his only
hope and savior.
- [stammering]
That's not really true.
That's--that's not true.
Look, um, your men made
the first move.
I just reacted.
- Yeah,
what a reaction it was,
and yet a deed
remains to be done.
A mitzvah, if you will,
for Passover.
See, we've--we've found
another match
My brother Saul has
the kidney,
simply pick it up,
bring it to me.
- So call an errand boy.
- But you can help.
- No, you don't understand,
honey.
- He'll die if you don't.
- Yes, that is the truth,
little one,
and because the kidney will be
coming to us through, uh,
well, special circumstances,
it requires a special man,
like your father here,
to go pick it up
and deliver.
♪
- Dad.
- Oh, Nicholas, please,
let us not allow the problems
that have transpired
to lead to the death
of an innocent man.
- No one is innocent.
- Yes, many have fallen,
but forgiveness is usually
followed by atonement.
♪
- Pick up?
- And delivery.
♪
- [clicks tongue]
Give me the address.
- Here, here's Saul's house,
my number.
Call when the kidney's in hand.
We'll arrange a drop.
♪
Shalom.
[light music playing
over speakers]
♪
- Amanda?
How are you?
- Simon, hi.
- [smooches]
- I'm sorry I never called.
Things got...busy
over the holidays.
- I saw the posters.
Everyone okay?
- We're managing.
Thank you.
- Looks like, uh, somebody
caught the Easter Fever.
Hmm?
- Um...
- I'm just teasing you. I mean,
hey, it's everywhere, right?
Easter--it's like a thing
this year.
- I know, right?
We--we never really
celebrated it before,
but I thought
my daughter might,
you know,
want some holiday cheer.
It's silly.
- No, it's not.
Look,
I'm not a religious guy,
but for me, the season
has a-a feeling
of--of something new.
Springtime,
New York City, huh?
I mean, a resurrection, whether
you believe in that or not,
it's symbolic.
It's a chance to see
the world with fresh eyes.
Besides, I love these things.
[crinkling]
- I like those, too.
♪
- I want to go in.
- Nah, it'll just take me
a minute. Don't move.
- You can't leave her
in the car.
- You're thinking of dogs
in a heat wave.
She'll be fine. You just
make sure she stays put.
- So you're leaving both of us.
I don't know
what sucks eggs more--
your dad game
or your partner game.
[doorbell rings]
[spraying]
- I'm looking
for Milwaukee Saul.
- Papa!
- No running in the house.
Hi, I'm Saul.
- Yeah, I'm here
for the package.
- Package?
- David sent me.
Come on, the meter is running.
Let's just pack it up, huh?
- [panting]
I couldn't stop her, Nick!
- What are you talking about?
- Who's this little one?
- I'm starving, Dad.
- Hailey, go back to the cab.
- Come,
Shabbos is about to start.
- Is that food?
- Plenty of it.
- Thank God.
- Oh, food. I'm hungry.
- You had one job.
One job.
[silverware clattering]
- You dad drives a taxi?
- He used to be a cop.
- My dad owns
four jewelry stores,
three tanning salons,
and two Maybachs
- Well,
my dad killed Santa Claus.
- We're Jewish.
- She's lovely.
- What's it to you?
- Just a compliment.
Take it.
It's not easy being a father.
- Yeah, you seem
to be doing all right with it.
- Yeah, only seven are mine,
one planned.
And the eldest needs somebody
to play with.
You know how it is.
- Look, let's take care of--
- You have brothers?
- No.
- One day I'm bullying David
in our parents' backyard,
the next...
he's squeezing me
out of the family business.
- Seems like something
I don't care about.
- Your reputation
precedes you, Mr. Sax.
Tell me, you here today,
should I take from this
you are, uh, shall we say,
still employable?
- I was so curious why you were
so generous with your bone.
So, sadly, uh,
you're a few months too late.
I don't do that no more.
Now, you've been
a wonderful host.
Kindly fetch that package,
and we'll be on our way.
- [chuckling]
The package.
- Yeah, the package.
- It's right here.
Come get it.
[ominous music]
- Are we ready
for the next one?
N-37.
B-5.
[telephone ringing]
- Shalom.
- Up yours, Yentl.
You told me the package was
a kidney, not a whole human.
- Oh, it is a kidney.
How you choose to deliver it,
uh, that's your prerogative.
- He's not gonna just gonna
jump in my cab, now, is he?
- Oh, well, then you need
to persuade him.
- You want me to kill him.
- Well, that's entirely up
to you, but, uh, yes.
- The kid's here.
- Well, then be careful.
I don't want any dead children
on my conscience.
- You know, I'm getting mighty
tired of you two dickheads.
I tell you what.
- I-28.
- I am gonna kill your brother
and tear our his kidney,
and then I'm gonna feed it
to his fucking dog
and let your old man croak
in a puddle of his own piss.
- Yeah, I wouldn't do that,
Sax.
It'd be a shame if something
terrible were to happen
to that beautiful daughter
of yours.
Oh, oh, and, um, just
so we're clear this time,
"something terrible"
means we kill her.
- Bingo!
- Another winner in the hall!
[bell dings]
- Shalom.
[applause]
[ominous music]
- [clicks tongue]
[bones crack]
♪
Come here.
I need you to go out
to the cab and stay there.
Call your mom, tell her we're
going to be a little late.
♪
Papa's got some business
to take care of.
♪
[car horns honking]
[tapping]
- What are you doing
at Shine Tower, Geno?
- Audition
for the fifth Wishee.
[groans] You can't do that.
You ain't a cop anymore.
- Says who?
- You're wearing
a real-estate jacket.
- I may not be a cop anymore,
but I can still get away
with murder.
- Oh, careful, I need those.
You're Blue's
personal lawyer, Geno.
I would love to know what you
and Sonny had to talk about.
- You are wasting your--
[screams]
[whimpering]
You can't.
No one can touch to Shine.
No cop. No one.
- Oh?
- He's got dirt.
[exhales sharply]
Blackmail on everyone.
That's how he does it.
- Good, tell me something
I don't know.
- It's on videotape.
Yeah, I know. The fucking guy
don't believe in digital.
"Tape is forever," he says.
[breathing heavily]
He knows what people wish for--
the dark stuff,
the stuff they don't even tell
their shrinks about--
and he gives it to them.
Then he owns them.
- I've done my homework on you.
You've known Blue
for 20 years.
He was at your wedding.
He's godfather
to your first daughter,
but you sold him out.
Sold him out
to this cheap circus clown,
this maggot, when you know
exactly what Sonny Shine does.
- [shudders]
- What he does to kids--
kids no older than
your own little girl.
- [sniffs]
- Why?
- [shudders]
He's got a tape on me.
[breathing heavily]
- Okay.
Then you got something to lose,
but I don't.
Tell me where he keeps
the tapes.
- [grunts] Care to share
what's in the notebook?
- Care to share
what's in the ice bucket?
Didn't think so.
- All right.
- I know, stay in the car.
- Yeah.
[dramatic music]
- Oh, Mr. Sax!
[feedback whines]
What a pleasant surprise.
I got to be honest, I, uh--
I wasn't sure
that you'd come through,
but, boy,
I'm so glad that you did.
- Me too.
- Gentlemen?
- You know, I--
Call me narrow-minded,
but I didn't have you pegged
as a bingo nut.
- I know, I know.
We collected this property
to settle a debt,
but who knew that it would be
such a gold mine?
The senior population is
just exploding.
Bingo!
[chuckling]
It's the future.
- Well, you know,
me personally,
I don't put much stock
in the future.
So, if we're done chitchatting,
why don't we just take care
of you and your mitzvah?
- Oh, yeah, by all means.
- [inhales deeply]
[locks click]
[rock music]
♪
[gun clicking]
[blows landing]
♪
[gunshot]
[man groaning]
[crashing]
[blows landing]
[clattering]
- [yelling]
[crashing]
[groaning, wheezing]
- Don't ever fuck
with my family.
- [lisping]
Please...
it's Passover.
[wheezes]
Mitzvah.
- Eat shitz-vah.
[gunshot, bell dinging]
- We heard it, Nick.
All of it!
- Oh, boy, those guys
and their fireworks.
[breathing heavily] I mean,
who knew it was a Jewish thing?
Are you okay?
- Yeah, you?
- Good. Great.
You know, anytime I get
to spend
a day with my little cupcake,
I mean...
[breathing heavily]
I call that a lucky day.
I call that, uh...
the best day
a dad could ever have.
- Did you kill those people?
[ominous music]
♪
- I dropped off a package.
That's all.
- Just tell me the truth.
He set you up,
so you killed them.
- Hailey,
there are certain things
that you just can't know.
- I already do.
- And you got to forget it...
[siren wailing in the distance]
Now and forever.
[siren continues wailing]
It's for your own good.
- I thought we could be real
with each other,
but I guess I just get
Fake Dad, right?
- Yeah, I guess so! I guess
teddy bears and Coney Island
are gonna have
to be good enough
like they are
for every other kid.
- I really wish things were
the way they used to be.
- You mean before me?
- [sighs]
- She really didn't mean that.
- Blow me.
- [exhaling deeply]
Like that?
[clicking]
[Jimmy Wakely's
"Peter Cottontail" plays]
♪
[hissing]
- ♪ Here comes
Peter Cottontail ♪
♪ Hopping down
the bunny trail ♪
♪ Hippity hoppin',
Easter's on its way ♪
♪ Bringing every girl
and boy ♪
♪ Baskets full
of Easter joy ♪
♪ Things to make your Easter
bright and gay ♪
[rabbit squeaks]
♪ He's got jelly beans
for Tommy ♪
♪ Colored eggs
for sister Sue ♪
- Good night, Hailey.
[high-pitched voice]
"Good night, Dad."
[normal voice]
Wow.
- Oh, evening.
Aah!
What the hell?
You must be Nick.
Amanda's t-told me
so much about you.
- Who the fuck are you?
- I--
- Nick, is that you?
- Oh, yeah.
- Oh.
Good. You two met.
- Simon.
I heard Hailey got to spend
a day with Dad.
Good times.
We were just putting up
some Easter decorations.
- Were we?
- Don't be rude, Nick.
- You...
Work together?
- Huh? Oh, no, no, no.
I, uh--I did consider studying
medicine for a hot minute
when, uh--
when I was in college,
but in the end, I decided
to become an entrepreneur.
Neck ties.
- Neck ties?
- Yeah, with a twist.
- Bow ties?
- [laughing] Bow ties?
[both laughing]
- No, you see, I-I believe it's
important to--to give back.
So, for every tie that we sell,
we donate one to an indigenous
person from the third world.
Yeah, it helps to create
a feeling of self-esteem,
as well as prepare them
for possible job interviews.
- Fascinating.
- Thanks.
- Sorry about the--
- Oh, no, hey.
Absolutely no worries,
big guy.
Look, a stranger
in your ex-wife's house?
With everything
that happened recently?
I get it. Totally.
Anyway, I should be going.
Oh, my God.
That stuff gets everywhere.
[both chuckling]
Nice to meet you, Nick.
I'll call you later.
- He's just a friend.
- An Easter friend.
- Mm.
What's up with Hailey?
- Ah?
- Stormed upstairs
without a word?
- Uh, I...
- Been thinking
about that tuition?
- Now that you mention it,
I got offered a stack of cash
today for a quick job.
I turned it down.
Just wanted you to know that.
- Don't worry, Nick.
[inhales deeply]
It's all gonna work out.
[dramatic music]
Mm!
♪
- Boy, Amanda's in
a really good mood.
- She just fucked that guy.
[plop]
- ♪ Little doggies
♪ It's your misfortune
♪ None of my own
You tell Sonny Shine...
[clicks tongue]
Vaffanculo.
[suspenseful music]
♪
[choking]
- Today was pretty much
the best day ever.
I got to hang out
with my dad.
First, he made me
a big breakfast.
We saw some ponies.
- I'm out of money.
- Well, I got to--
I'll find the fucking money!
- He introduced me to new
and interesting people.
- Hey, Saxy.
- And exposed me to other
cultures and religions.
[explosion]
We really got to know a lot
more about each other,
which is important
for a father and daughter--
to be close,
to trust one another.
After all, if you can't
trust your parents,
who can you trust?
[solemn music]
♪
[Jimmy Wakely's
"Peter Cottontail"]
♪
[rabbit squealing]
- ♪ Here comes
Peter Cottontail ♪
♪ Hopping down
the bunny trail ♪
♪ Look at him stop
and listen to him say ♪
♪ "Try to do the things
you should" ♪
♪ Maybe if you're extra good
♪ He'll roll lots
of Easter eggs your way ♪
♪ You'll wake up
on Easter morning, and... ♪